DCP Changelog 01-06-2026 (#6339)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/dataminer_services_change_log_2026.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

### 1 June 2026 - New feature - Admin - New side panel with billable usage for services

On the Billing overview page in the Admin app, for data starting from May 2026, service table rows now include an info button that opens a new side panel showing the billable usage details for that service:

- The side panel contains a chart and, where applicable, a table with billable usage data. The table is not shown for organization-based services such as connectors.
- A toggle button allows you to switch between a cost view and a usage view in the chart. The cost view takes active subscriptions into account, so usage fully covered by a subscription will show as 0.
- A time range filter is available to adjust the data shown in the panel.
- The panel updates the URL when opened, making it easy to share or refresh.

### 1 June 2026 - Enhancement - Admin - Auto-renewal toggle button for active subscriptions

> On the Billing page of the Admin app, you can now toggle the auto-renewal setting for active normal subscriptions. Custom service, draft, and expired subscriptions are read-only and cannot be modified in this way. users will be notified upon success or failure.

Reviewer: It isn't entirely clear what success or failure you refer to here. Would it be correct if I rephrase this like this?
```suggestion
On the Billing page of the Admin app, you can now toggle the auto-renewal setting for active normal subscriptions. Custom service, draft, and expired subscriptions are read-only and cannot be modified in this way. You will be notified when the auto-renewal succeeds or fails.
```

Author: Thats indeed more clear
